site: Add guide on upgrading from xDS v2-->v3 (#3085)
projectcontour/contour: site/_guides/xds-migration.md

In the beginning of Q1 20201, the Envoy community is [deprecating][0] the v2 xDS API in favor of the v3 which has been stable since Q1 2020.
Contour offers support for the v3 xDS API in Contour v1.10.0. 

Practically for users, this change has no effect on how Contour configures Envoy to route ingress traffic inside a Kubernetes cluster, however
it's important to upgrade to this new version immediately since newer versions of Envoy won't support the `v2` api. 

## Background

Envoy gets configured with a boostrap configuration file which Contour provides via an `initContainer` on the Envoy daemonset.
This file configures the dynamic xDS resources, Listener Discovery Service (LDS) and Cluster Discovery Service (CDS), to point to Contour's xDS gRPC server endpoint.

The boostrap configuration file has two settings in the LDS/CDS entries which tell Contour what Resource & Transport version they would like to use. 
In Contour v1.10.0, there's a new flag, `--xds-resource-version`, on the `contour boostrap` command which is used in the `initContainer` that allows users to specify the xDS resource version.

> Setting this flag to `v3` will configure Envoy to request the `v3` xDS Resource API version and will eventually become the default in future Contour versions.    

Reviewer: Probably clearer to say it will be the default in 1.11.

## In-Place Upgrade

> When users have an existing Contour installation and wish to upgrade without dropping connections, Contour v1.10.0 will support this upgrade path.

Reviewer 2: By "this upgrade path", do you mean changing the bootstrap? I think this wording is a little unclear. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
When users have an existing Contour installation and wish to upgrade without dropping connections, they need only to change the Envoy Daemonset or deployment to include `--xds-resource-version=v3`. The usual rollout process will handle draining connections for you.
```

Or something. Just to make it absolutely clear, in case people skip straight to the section they care about.
